coming in 2012 a brand-new awards show
from animation source all the booths
recognizing the best in animation from
2011 the 2012 first animation source
choice awards will honor what the
members of animation shores choose to be
the best animation of 2011 the film
saddled be in the first annual animation
source choice awards will range from
bigger known films like happy feet two
and cars 2 to lesser-known films like
Ringo and brio to even foreign films
like the monster potty you can be sure
you won't want to miss this the first
annual animation source choices
the leave I am in a boat well this is a
fine mess if it has been bothering you
that your favorite films haven't gotten
any big awards this is your chance to
make sure that your voice is heard with
the animation source Choice Awards
you'll be able to choose what film
appears on the list only animation
source members can vote so that means
that you a member of animation source
can make an impact on these award shows
you did not feel it in here you think
the first annual animation source choice
Wars coming in early 2012
my old stick